You, you can actually pull out this Xuanyuan sword
How dare you destroy him? The king made you court death
You talk nonsense again
I'll kill the sword and stab you in the head
You are right first
Why are you
Why can you pull out this Xuanyuan sword?
I want to draw my sword
Why not?
The boy cuts off the Xuanyuan sword in the Heavenly King
You don't take us seriously
That's right, I just don't put you all
All in the eyes
How to pronounce the sin of asking for beheading
I don't care how you pull out this Xuanyuan sword
But if it's because I broke the marriage with you
You are unhappy and want to vent
But you can either be cold to Wang Lie this day
It is the strength of the Qing army team itself. You have achieved success in battle.
You have now ruined this king's life
That is to take the Qing army as the enemy
The war achievements took the Qing army as the enemy
Heaven they are a bunch of brainless idiots
Are you too?
Who can stop Xuanyuan Sword?
Didn't you count?
Qingfeng, you are really Qingjuan
Why don't you believe me?
It's okay, I said it.
I will protect you today
Captain Yan
I now deprive you of the position of God of War in the name of the Qing Army
You can serve